https://codepen.io/taormina7575/pen/OJWjEbJ

<!-- Questions to Submit in today's file first-lastname.txt --> 
<!--
Copy the questions below into the first-lastname.txt file on your github repo - answer each question and then push your changes. 

    1. What is Semantic HTML? HTML that is designed to denote to browsers and people where different types of content are located.
    2. What is HTML used for? HTML is used to provide the structure for web pages.
    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it?
    An attribute is used to provide additional information about an HTML element and is placed within the tag or style sheet.  
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page? This is used to show a primary heading and is usually only used once per page.
    5. Name two tags that have required attributes Href and img.
    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document?
     The head contains information that does not relate to the structure of the webpage, such as the title, links to style sheets, information about the page's language, etc. 
    7. What is an id? An id is a unique style selector.
    8. What elements can I add an id to? You can add an iD to any tag.
    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? Once.
    10. What is a class? A class is a style selector that can be applied to multiple elements.
    11. What elements can I add a class to?  You can add a class to any element.
    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page?  As many times as you want.
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab? target="_blank"
    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for?  It is used for screen readers or when and image does not appear to provide information about the image.
    15. How do I reference an id? #
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div? A section is semantic and a div is purely used for applying style.
    17. What is CSS used for? CSS is used to manipulate the appearance of a web page.
    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page You use a tag selector like h2 in a style sheet.
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one A class is a selector that can be applied to multiple elements while an id is unique. A class could apply tio every paragraph in a section, while an id may only be used to manipulate a unique list on a page.
    20. How do we select classes in CSS? .class
    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””? p.human
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? A parent child selector allows you to select a tag,id,or class within another tag,id,or class. For example this could be useful if you wanted to select all of the paragraphs within a certain section, or when you want to select all of the images within a div.
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
    .sidebar a {

    }
    24. What is a pseudo selector? A pseudo selector allows you to select an element that is in a certain state, such as hover.
    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines? line-height
    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters? letter-spacing
    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize? uppercase, lowercase, Capitalize
    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
    div {
        border: 1px dotted black;
    }
    29. How do I select everything on the page?
    * {

    } 
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
    //*hi*//
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line?  pwd
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder? ls
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this?  rm. You wont be prompted before deleting and you could accidently lose a lot of work.
    34. Why should I use version control? Version control helps keep track of changes made to your code.
    35. How often should I commit to github? As often as possible.
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? git push
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 
        1. Fork the repo
        2. clone the repo
        3. create your own branch
        4. work on assignment
        5. add changes 
        6. commit changes
        7. push repo
        8. create pull request
        9. submit link in canvas

Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element? An inline element only takes up as much space as needed. A block element gets its own line and can be given width and height. 
    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 
    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width?  display: inline-block;
    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default div, p, h1,//// span, 
    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the "fix" for the box model, in other words, how do we make all elements respect the width we've given them? the box model describes how each block element has width, padding, border, and margin. the fix to make elements respect width is a css reset.



   --> 